hello
the leopard theme you have leopard
jackets today you have a leopard top is
this just a coincidental or is there
something to this well I'm a little bit
way trash and I want everyone oh I don't
know I I liked I liked married with
children I'm a little bit uh and I'm
trying to get comfortable are you
comfortable I don't know fine I'm with
the king anyway okay so leopard leopard
I like mirror the children I don't know
I always Alden Peg Bundy
well I was gonna go for Kelly but thank
you okay I like dumb and slutty and uh
no I do have my friend who started
pegging her boyfriend and my phone as
Peg Bundy well what's her name she
started hanging her boyfriend she got a
new his I think he's gay honestly sure
listen if you get pegged I'm not saying
you're gay for sure but this guy this
guy this guy I think is gay and what did
she think they broke up she thinks he's
gay oh Jesus Christ they broke up why
did they break up he was emotion
available cuz he's gay wow I think he's
looking for something with a deck so
what was her other signs with him that
he might be I don't know I think that he
just was not he may be he's just
emotionally unavailable guy but he
seemed to have a lot of issues around
wanting to get dicks so it seems like
maybe he needs to try maybe a less
plastic one yeah we probably use already
trying it don't you think
baby I don't think you just why would
you waste your time with a rubber dick
strapped to a woman if you could just go
get maybe Jesus some Christian stuff
like you oh yeah I think the real dick
yeah maybe it's like internalized
homophobia probably or maybe he's just
like transitionary like maybe two years
- no he'll look back and go god I used
to make girls fuck me in the ass I'm
such a dickhead why did I do that I
should just come out yeah or maybe he
likes the feminine aspects of a woman
and
rock-hard cock part of a dude there's a
lot of people that like that he needs to
get there needs to be like oh I guess
that's what he needs a hermaphrodite is
yes well Whitney Cummings was telling me
that those sex robots you know you saw
her special new minute sex robot that
there's they're really popular where
they have a woman's body and a dick
those ones are really popular all right
hmm all right you get to live your you
get to live your you're generating you
just want everything yeah
inside outside give it to me I had a guy
call in to my podcast about his wife
won't peg him enough and he's a cock but
she won't yeah but she like she like
tomato she like makes love to him while
she pegs him and he wants to be just
destroyed Jesus Christ and he he's a
cock but he she won't fuck black eyes so
he's just he's like I'm like I feel like
for what you want you should be very
grateful you have this woman that's
pretty down but there's always more so
I'm wondering if he just wants more or
if this is all the same with but just
that's how it is with people if you go
back to the early days of porn it was
basically just pizza delivery man and
sorority girls and and sex and everybody
had a bush but then you look at today
everyone's gagging and slapping and
choking and spit and not choking on
pubes in his box there was none of that
back then now it's like standard you
know it's like everything keeps getting
pushed boundaries keep getting pushed
everyone's getting the fish hug poor
Aziz it's fuck as these watch the board
the wrong porn Aziz oh yeah what a
disaster mmm have you seen a special I
haven't watched it yeah I watched a clip
and it shot so bad it's like you see him
and then you see people behind him in
the backstage area milling around and
he's on a seat it's so dumb it's like
there's there's doors opening it back
and then people walking behind the doors
it's like some odd artistic choice to
try to be like it doesn't matter that
I'm up here yeah like it's no big deal
life still goes on even I'm up here
which means you were thinking that life
doesn't go on and you wanted to show
people that life goes on - that's
you were you were insecure about how
narcissistic you are and then you tried
to fight it well I was thinking it was
the directors choice or is the director
who has a director Spike Jonze yeah I
think he tried to do something crafty
which you know it's kind of interesting
in any other format I mean it'd be
interesting if it was a conversation it
was just uh you know two people talking
and they're in a public square and see
people milling around behind him that's
not distracting but what stand up the
more things you have to think about
other than what the person saying the
more it's gonna take away from what the
person saying yeah it does feel weird to
just I mean you know I go on with the
leopard print jacket sometimes but I
like to dig myself a little hole but the
leopard print jack is just cool it's
just funny it's not distracting it's
just he or she is I like you know I have
my choice or don't know if you've been
around for any of those sets but you
know it's late at night you gotta wake
them up you gotta wake him up I just
just a plastic sword from the toy store
I spend a lot of time with props I I
have fake blood on me most times I don't
know when there's gonna I'm gonna be
inspired to take a funny picture to make
a pratfall to make a fan fall did you
see the pratfalls that we did me and
Stephen Randolph one of the door guys at
the comedy so what was those they posted
on the comics we challenged each other
to three pratfalls it's so embarrassing
listen after Brody died I was like I'm
going all out I'm experimenting I'm
having as much fun as I can you know
obviously it's about jokes but sometimes
you got a really just you got to just
have your time up there the Brody one
was hard on everybody I was the one
making sense that was one that just like
felt like swallowing a dry rock yeah Wow
like how's that guy gone it just feel he
was just such a big presence and then it
it's sad I don't want to talk too much
about ayahuasca on here because I know
that's what everyone does but I did in
one in when I did trip on ayahuasca it
was right after that and it helped me a
lot with that because I kept thinking
about how sad it was that he couldn't
feel us like hugging him we loved him
Brody was loved like we loved that man
he was our brother you know and that was
the sad part well I mean I just feel
like there's no way any of
could ever understand what's in anybody
else's brain you know I don't know
what's in yours you don't know what's in
mine it's like they're we assume that
there's a similar thing happening inside
our head as other people's hands
I think that's wildly incorrect I think
some people are just in pain all the
time and there's not much you can do as
a friend
to help them you know I mean I felt the
same way about Bourdain
when Bourdain died it was just I don't I
don't get it I just don't understand how
someone who so loved you know has this
amazing job is a beautiful daughter and
he has this life it's extraordinary and
very interesting and and deep and he
gets to mean these fascinating people
and travel to travel the world and
expose people to all these incredible
artists and culinary artists and yet
still didn't couldn't take it yeah yeah
for whatever reason and I just think
about it it's like so they're there okay
you know they're off wherever we go or
whatever happens they've transcended
came back they're floating around
somewhere but it's like selfishly I'm
like I want more Brody like of course I
want him back course yeah and it's you
know and then you see people they just
fade you know like each year goes by and
they just which is gonna happen all of
us so you know but you know luckily he
had a lot of catchphrases poster in the
back of the store I love I kiss it every
time I really yeah I lick it I give it
my herpes Wow
I don't have herpes yet Joe Rogan are
you do it's okay and honestly if you
have it it's fine what am I gonna have a
vaccination
they must have one already from us sure
what do you think conspiracy theorists
cuz he already sparked up when we talked
about the aliens thing with oh did he
bring up Ohio no I left it all out but
he's got his eyes there's just something
there's a spark they have conspiracies
yeah they have a little spark in their
eye when they he perked up he killed his
asshole a little bit when I brought it
up
yeah but but I it was really funny like
those the last question I asked him was
about UFO
kind of almost has a joke yeah just just
as a goodbye yeah I like to keep it
silly
that's all I'm reading it's in fucking
hundreds of articles it's all Bernie
Sanders says he will tell the world
about aliens if he becomes president
that's the thing that they took out of
that well it's smart of him it feels
like Trump straws
it's like smart if Bernie had said it if
Bernie had brought it up I would have
been like that is a brilliant tactic but
don't you think the people that believe
in aliens are already going to vote for
or that are the most hang up on it no no
you don't think they're the same no no I
think they very wildly conspiracy
theorists or left-wing right-wing and
the alien one is different than any
other one and I think there's a lot more
people that are that are alien lovers
that cross both sides I think it's just
one of those things where you like
allele of those guys that fuck aliens
are not this only occurs you're holding
out to be build Manhattan yeah
do people claim that I bet you they do
for sure do you know these people really
into Bigfoot sexually there's like all
these novels written about big things is
good data tall Armenian no no that's
that hard they ever go to Glendale
everywhere go to the Galleria there's
this Bigfoot this is a very localized
reference there's Bigfoot you get it a
Bigfoot or ID you get it Bigfoot erotica
yeah I mean it's like really common what
if you had a small deck like you always
hear about the really tall guys with the
tiny dicks and when I say hear about
them you hear about this you look at
this seduced by Bigfoot Oh will you come
for Bigfoot Virginia Wade big favor yes
by Lolita young wait a minute narrated I
mean this is an audio book you know what
they say the bigger the Bigfoot the
bigger the error in the bones what is
that I like a guy with a really hairy
dick you know really like you like
people say listen people say they don't
like too much hair and balls I say get
it all the way under the shaft look at
this absolutely
buffing Bigfoot what is happening I like
that name Zanna wait wait wait gay
Bigfoot look at this last row and I'll
probe what is gay Bigfoot look II smoke
I'm sorry after he fucked look at that
what the fuck a mouthful of Sasquatch I
think I've met that man there's like one
of the door guys at the communists
that's one of the what door guys I got
fired this is a whole genre of erotica
there's a bunch of women that write
these books this is Virginia Wade lady
is uh she's apparently very prolific
with her
Bigfoot erotica she wrote he's quite a
few of these how many did she have that
was 13th at least 13 come for Bigfoot
come for Bigfoot number 13 just make
shit up then there I was walking the dog
and the dog had a heart attack and next
thing Bigfoot's dick is in my mouth I
have a good pun Harry and the hum ursins
Henderson and don't see Harry on the
think it out loud and then just I was
sounding it out I can't read would you
expect come on barons fucking smart so
there's at least 13 books
I bet Virginia Wade lives in a fucking
giant mansion drives around on a roll
six l ron hubbard this probably do know
so but I guess I bet it's with that
Bigfoot five baby come for Bigfoot baby
what is that see that one come for a
Bigfoot five baby why does it say baby
see that see more right-hand side all
the way to right all the way the right
all the way the right up above it there
you go BAM what is that fuck is that
maybe they have a Bigfoot baby it looks
like a come inside or one so she's got
let's find out Google Google Virginia
Wade's big is that her right there she
looks normal might have been is that a
photo of her gotta go back go back
there's a different book they're talking
okay the ball for Bigfoot is that her a
big who's that Virginia Wade that's a
normal looking lady that might not be Oh
Amazon pulls buffed yeah by Bigfoot
romance novels from shelves what why are
they censoring Bigfoot porn yeah that
it's not look at the might have been her
gift okay why don't why didn't anyone
tell me about these literary treasures
oh my god I thought for a second that
long but interesting read was about the
book the law this is a long but
interesting read why are they pulling it
why are they pulling us stay-at-home
mother from
Colorado of course she is no real riding
experience no of course not you don't
even have to be good I mean she spent
all day waxing her nipples she was
couldn't get to come to terms with her
hairy body and then she realized all she
needed was to find her match she says I
get this crazy idea for a story so she
sat down and wrote the entire book in an
hour
there's no fucking there's no second
draft that's what I love to hear by my
for my authors you wrote this all in one
draft
she said just 12,000 words in a matter
of weeks she's been considered trying to
sell it to mainstream publisher instead
she went directly to Amazon's Kindle
direct publishing an online platform for
self-publishing 70% royalty rate for
authors I think she sold a fuck load
yeah he'll go viral here's the line from
it I don't think he's monogamous
well it's Bigfoot now so big click on
that Bigfoot insider monster porn Amazon
crack down link so let's find out what
the fuck's going on here why would they
crack down on that ooh adblock are you
son of a bitch okay what's it did so uh
author Virginia Wade's fiction debut
follows a group of women who embark on a
week-long camping trip to Mount Hood
National Forest they are in the shadow
of Oregon's highest mountains there
they're kidnapped and sexually assaulted
posterior using the creature what the
hell is that thing
asked one protagonist that's some kid
riding it's fucking Bigfoot his Shelly
he's real for fuck's sake horror filled
her eyes with a huge see - - - I'm
saying that says cock corn in the book
his feet are fucked out with decidedly
untitled like come for Bigfoot see um of
course it's just the first of six teen
fiction ebooks Wade a pen name has
written about the legendary but
sometimes best sometimes known as
Sasquatch each legendary beast each
detailing a series of graphic and often
violent sexual encounters between an
ape-like creature and a female lovers
okay wait wait has made an exceptional
living writing these stories Wow
okay but why they take him down this
reminds me of my friend from Middle
School's boyfriend who is Sicilian
he was just so hairy and he looked been
downloaded more than a hundred thousand
times holy shit that that's five bucks
that means she made five hundred
thousand dollars for one hour work what
she made seventy percent of it at least
do you think I bet you that other books
didn't take as long either Wow during
her best months she's netting thirty
thousand or more in a month
writing Big Foot jerk-off books Wow
taken by pirates
oh she rat sheep ranch doff an utter
genres it's all just getting fucked
taken by pirates
seduced by the Dark Lord it's like
getting fucked by demons and pirates and
hilarious I'm getting traumatized a
traumatic thing is coming up for me
right now it's weird do you want to hear
it what my mom wrote romance novels when
I was shot the fuck yeah they weren't
ever never published no I didn't read
them there were never public so it was
really just a fuck journal you read your
mom's fuck journal I didn't read it but
she had romance novels around I would
definitely knew I was really good at
skimming to the sex scenes I know to
flip through it's like my being to it so
your mom wrote she was a part of this
thing called Romance Writers of America
and Scheck she won awards and then she
never followed through so she could have
published the book and probably at
success and then she had a hole it was
like a whole suspense romance Selena's
revenge was called like no but that's
really funny she came back it's a
Bigfoot no she fucks the girl killed her
mykes read oh yeah she's dead I like
that lady that little weirdo I mean I
don't like her cuz she killed her but
she was just like a real weird I mean
the girl killed stay obsessed like you
know she reminds me of she reminds me of
don't like her but she she reminds me of
the little woman from okay can't
remember what they called the David
Lynch that show which one Twin Peaks
which one didn't wasn't there a little
lady in it I don't remember Twin Peaks
very well in the day but I just remember
usually from the TV movie with Jennifer
Lopez in it did she play Celine you she
played Selena that was her big break she
was a Fly Girl
yeah and then she got super hot and that
big ass was exposed to us and Selena
outfits that's interesting but why there
girl kill her she was her assistant
right yeah she was just such a big fan I
think she was just obsessed with her so
she killed her because she was a big fan
people are doesn't fucking crazy that
doesn't make sense
he's probably hated her because she made
her wash her laundry and shit resistant
right or I think she was the head of her
fan club assistants get weird with
people did you ever hear the David Spade
story his assistant tasered um and
fucking time I had one of go in jail
yeah I guess was it a girl or a guy a
guy was he trying to fuck him I don't
think so I think he just hated them oh
my god I feel like Spade would be a nice
employer but maybe not maybe not maybe
is now Wow yeah yeah yeah see if you
find that story
spades had some shit at me got catfished
he got catfished but he told it on the
norming Donald Cho who catfished him
someone catfished him he thought he had
met this model on Twitter hello and then
he saw the model in real life I was like
hey Twitter and she's like what are you
talking about he says something
embarrassing spades cool shit there goes
David Spade's assistant pleads guilty to
assault make that larger please oh my
god David Pitt spades former assistant
pleaded guilty stop to assaulting the
comedian with a stun gun and agreed to
seek counseling for drug and
psychological problems Beverly Hills
Superior Court judge Eldon Fox also
sentenced David Warren Skippy Malloy on
Thursday to five years probation that's
it do not have someone named Skippy
Adams stay at least a hundred yards away
from Spade and perform 480 hours of
community service if somebody tased me I
want more yeah that's not a service
because that's a threat and they tied
you up and shit how did it happen wait a
minute says David Spade 36 was in the
20s shut the fuck
okay oh my god hmm
he tied him up how did I wonder how the
story ended how did he get out of it see
just really good what's untying not just
a guy got tired of fucking them good
shocked
says he was angry in a psychotic state
due to cocaine the morning of the attack
time thumb time I mean I've done coke
before I don't think I've been like let
me tie up my boss and taser and you've
never done coke with David Spade they're
right around him
yeah maybe you know telling you to take
the dog out and you're like I can't do
this I can't
hyper said the coat you said the co-star
the NBC sitcom just shoot me in the new
movie Joe Dirt said at the time that
Malloy a 30 year old aspiring actor was
a friend who is obviously mentally
troubled right now Wow and I'm more
shocked by Joe Dirt of the new movie
yeah
we're digging back 1001 we are digging
back well fuck that seems like a long
time ago but you know what doesn't seem
like a long time ago 2009 you say 2009
that just happened nope 10 years a
decade like 1962 1970 it seems like
forever 70 to 80 seems like forever 80
to 90 seems like forever but 2009 to
2019 for whatever fucking reason seems
real close yeah and it's not it's not
it's not whole years you style will show
you that too
because I was I was born in 83 I'm 36
and the kit the the younger kids right
now are dressing like I dressed in high
school like it cycled back around there
in my Styles yeah but that's none like
not 2009 to 2019 is there a difference
in style
yes coming from someone at zero style
yeah there is what is it it's okay from
2009 I would say 2009 was maybe when
they had started having I've to remember
where I was in life I just moved to New
York people were wearing I don't know I
had lived in Santa Fe and I was drinking
a lot so I definitely not I quit
drinking 2009 I still have never been
how many them Santa Fe's was supposed to
be a weird place that's why I met tape
Fletcher hallo caveman coffee
I met Tate in in Santa Fe he used to
come in with a bunch of sober dudes
after meeting I don't know if I'm
supposed to say this but whatever he's
pretty open but he I mean it was the
truth they were so annoying I was like a
drunk I was wasted at this cowboy bar to
wear a cowboy outfit you have to you
have to do that's your uniform really
being a waitress is not humiliating
enough you have to dress just have a
John Deere hat on no you have to wear
you had to wear a cowboy hat and you had
to have a shirt that had yokes on it oh
if you work there if you worked there
not when you went in yeah
that would be crazy but sotae would come
in with a bunch of people and they just
wouldn't order Alki mean it was just
like low sales high maintenance I was
like who's this fucking guy so big and
ridiculous and then I was talking to him
I hadn't quit drink I didn't drink until
I moved out of Santa Fe but I told him I
want to do comedy and he made them turn
the karaoke night into a comedy show for
me really yeah everyone up yeah Wow did
you have put things prepared yeah yeah
and then I would yeah and then and then
I moved to New York to do comedy and I
was I crashed my motor scooter a Yamaha
Zuma and I crashed because I would drive
drunk all the time I was my happy place
like to this day I really was honestly
that feeling of like driving wasted on a
scooter was the wind Blanca Eric he's
not wearing a helmet but then you don't
really think you can kill anybody else
so it's not that bad at drive drunk yeah
but you can you can get in the way of
someone else you can do anything I
fucked myself up so bad I woke up just
had blacked out completely my face was
split open
I had road rash all over my chest this
was Father's Day 2008 you don't remember
falling
I don't didn't all I remembered I just
remembered like little pieces I
remembered that someone helped me I woke
up I was living at my friend's house I
woke up at the house he was staying at
his girlfriend's house so I was there
alone but my chin was split open I've
been wearing a dress and it looked like
I my throat had been slit like there was
just blood all the way down it road rash
all over my tits all over this side of
my arms my knees like I just was fucked
just faceplant
just face split open I just I went I
peeled out
and like just went chin first and
everything and then I remembered that
someone who didn't a girl that didn't
like me had helped me that's all I could
remember it was someone who usually
hated me helped me Wow
and then so I went out I went to the
hospitai called my roommate he came back
I went to the hospital they get I got 9
stitches and then I was still wasted and
I was still so hammered and the doctor
kept going were you drinking and I kept
going just between us
he's like yeah no man nope I'm not gonna
fucking jail you motherfucker look no he
just crashed my scooter it's crazy he
didn't know that I didn't wake up to
drink through the pain so so then I got
the stitches and I was friends with all
the cops in Santa Fe because I was an
alcoholic so that's a really good plan
you gotta befriend them so they don't
arrest you and they had told me if they
had caught me because I ended up finding
my scooter on the side of the road my
friend drove me around so I found out
where I had peeled out and there was
like a bunch of loose gravel so I just
peeled out on the gravel and the cop
said that they would have arrested me
for an Agora aggravated DUI because I
hurt myself
I'd injured myself that's what an
aggravated DUI that's what they said
back then I mean I was still wasted when
they said that it's worse have you hurt
yourself you would say yeah I had to go
to the hospital and stuff you would
think you got a little punishment in
there yeah well so then I didn't learn
the lesson I went out drinking that
night with the stitches in my face and I
had my line was I would carry neosporin
around and ask as if they wanted to rub
neosporin on my titties like I almost
lost a nipple I mean it got so close
yeah I looked crazy but I was a drunk so
I was like whoo fun girl yet they still
call me fun girl Annie behind my back
and I thought they were I thought it was
like a cool they're making fun so anyway
so then I went out that night and I saw
this guy with a puppy and I started
playing with the puppy and I was like oh
you're probably so cute he goes do not
remember me and I'm like I've never met
you before he goes last night and I
helped you you crashed your scooter and
I was like oh fuck he's like I ride a
motorcycle so I didn't want to call the
cops or anything because I know you
would've gotten in trouble and I was
like who helped me and he's like some
girl so that my friend called me is like
my boss told me so was my friend's boss
from this hotel that I used to get
wasted at he was the bartender so she
hated me because I would just go get
hammered out there
nice establishment do you look back on
those days with any fondness because
you're sober now
you're all clean yeah I mean I think I
have a wealth of stories I was a
juvenile delinquent I had so many
childhood traumas and abuses and weird
things that happened I was running for
my life in Jersey City when I was 15
from like a fake modeling agent who was
like a six foot eight drag queen named
mahogany running for my life this is a
long there's a lot of stories and not a
story you can brush all right what
happened you were fifteen so I was I had
gone to me mahogany yeah so I gone to
John Robert Powers modeling school one
of those like fake remodeling schools
and if you pay like 200 bucks and they
make like a compilation headshot yeah
you like go they give you classes and
modeling like that's a thing it's like
you either like are weirdly
weird-looking alien hot and tall and
skinny or not yeah or you're not I mean
I maybe could have done commercials or
something I was cute but I I also had
very low self-esteem was just such a
weird it was such a weird thing to be
doing so and I had been a tomboy up into
that point so we go I go to this
modeling thing and then we went to paid
more money to go to like a modeling
convention and then they had actual
modeling agencies and then they had just
random people that I guess paid to be
there so mahogany was one of them and my
mom's like super liberal and so she
likes anything that's like a little on
the fringe that she could brag about it
her book club or whatever if that sounds
like I'm angry I'm not angry forgiving
my mother but so they ended up they're
like we want to take your daughter for
two weeks and we'll send her out on
auditions and stuff over spring break
and we have this nice place in Jersey
Steen yeah your mom let mahogany take
you for others so many more stories Joe
jesus fucking christ
yeah no there was my mother did not have
anything bad happen to her when she was
growing up she was adopted by a very
nice family and she went to a nice
boarding school and stuff and nothing
happened to her did she read the
newspaper she didn't read the newspaper
I don't think much so she it just she
didn't she wasn't aware
anyway so then okay so I was I went to
this place in Jersey City in Jersey City
I don't know how it is now but it was
fucking crazy back then it's still
fucked it was fucking crazy so we were
in this one little condo and it was
mahogany and then there was like some
other people that were there none of us
were really that I mean I probably was
like the hottest but I was pretty rare I
mean I don't know I think I was cute I
don't think I was like a I don't think I
was a model and I don't think that was
my future maybe I could have done
something but um the only person that I
had really bonded with was this 23 year
old guy Chris who was this black guy
from I don't know where he was from but
he was really cool he was really nice
and he was a little creepy like he would
say things like if I was your age but he
never was trying to fuck me or anything
but he kind of was protecting me and at
some point mahogany got mad and there
was it was fake like I just he would
make me go by and weed on the corner and
stuff and just a fake thing my parents
paid like $1500 to send me to this thing
and he would I think he sent me out for
to be a I to go into New York by myself
on the train at fifteen wearing this
sluttiest clothes ever - this thing -
and then he would tell me pretend your
lie and say you're 21 to be an extra on
like Sex in the City and stuff it just
wasn't real there was nothing real about
it was a total scam so I was starting to
catch on to that I was supposed to be
there for maybe ten days I think made
these next-door neighbors shorty this
little Puerto Rican lady I don't she was
a go I smoke blunts with her but so this
guy Chris was kind of protecting me and
he would go into the city with me and
then all of a sudden mahogany didn't
like how close we were so he separated
us and he said you can't see each other
anymore
and I was like well I don't feel safe if
I can't talk this guy just would rather
go home I want to call my parents I
don't think this is real this seems like
bullshit and a scam and he was like you
can't talk to your parents and he locked
the door and took the phone away from me
so I packed all my shit up and I threw
it out the window and I yelled down to
shorty I was like yo I'm gonna run so
grab my shit and then the guy one of the
other kids that was staying at the
modeling place knew the situation so he
went down and bumped into the door
unlocked it without him noticing and
distracted him and I just jetted out of
fucking house and he started chasing me
I was like screaming I was like call the
cops help me help me and I was wearing a
tube top my like 15 year old titties Ida
nipple rings were like hanging I mean I
looked like a prostitute the cops ended
up coming and they thought I was a
prostitute
mahogany got me at one point I was
hiding under cars for my life like I
thought I was gonna get killed I was
like screaming people were just watering
their plants like what the fuck are ya
cuz he was chasing me I was trying to
hide and he finally got me I was like
getting a hat like you're ruining my
scam pretty much and then he scratched
my arm but that's all and then the cops
came and arrested both of us thought he
was my pimp thought I was a prostitute I
come from like a like a when he came
home well they came to the cops and then
the cops told them that they should
arrest my parents yeah they're like we
should and I think they just were in
denial about I should arrest him
for a day at least yeah they didn't and
then more stuff happened after that once
they'd made more mistakes yeah but it's
okay we all make mistakes I love my
family good now but I also look at all
these things no I really like have had
to do a lot of work on it because to
forgive them yeah because well I blame
myself for all of it for most of it
which was my defense mechanism like this
stuff I had some stuff happen with a
teacher in high school too right after
that actually was about six months after
that happened and you know therapy
session I don't want to do a therapy
session I don't want to do that but
anyway you had asked me about am I happy
about these things and so but the point
that I'm coming to is I am happy with
them I'm so happy with like where my
life is now that I can't be mad about
any of these other things do you know I
mean like they're they're like exciting
and now they're funny because I didn't
get hurt that's what I'm saying like
looking back on the water looking
hilarious
yeah there's something crazy shit is
some bromance to it if you survive
mm-hmm I flashed a chain gang once on my
motor scooter and then it didn't start
and I had to like put my shirt down and
keep walking like it's hilarious I did
crazy shit and I came out like genuinely
I feel good you know I'm happy with my
life so it's good thank you for getting
that getting me off of that path but
well it's just everyone that I know
that's funny is fucked up and had some
then go wrong that's how and it's like
how you get through it
and then your insight yeah it on the
other end you persevere and then you
don't blame people you don't like go
around being mad at the world I think
it's it's easier to be I know it's just
some of the most hilarious people did
blame people
yeah that's Jennison yeah Kennison was
always you know screaming about his
ex-wives yeah you know let's try that's
funny too I just for my own personal
sanity cannot run around angry at
everyone well you don't need to be I
mean it's not necessary and especially
now that you're sober which obviously
Kinnison never got no he refriended them
no no never no never met him Tom so I'm
live a few times once once at work once
when I was working I was working at a
great woods Center for the Performing
Arts I go in it's like a amphitheater in
Mansfield what were you doing son found
cakes no security oh yeah and I got to
see Cosby there Rodney Dangerfield gotta
see a few people or you did you want to
do comedy yet um I was 19 I probably had
thought about it a little bit you know
maybe maybe had been in my head like
slightly but I didn't really start
thinking about it I was like 20 did you
feel embarrassed when you had that
thought at first of doing comedy yeah no
but I did feel like it was preposterous
yeah I did feel like look it's such a
difficult way to make it like I remember
my girlfriend when I was 21 her dad was
mocking this idea that I was gonna be a
comedian like I remember him smart guy
well you know the odds were not in your
favor no they're not in anybody's favor
but I remember that's what are you
saying you know that like who makes how
many people make it as yeah and even if
you do make it how much money do you
make
he was a doctor that's so funny is
really angry like he just felt like I
was a waste of his daughter yeah it's
really funny he's still alive let's get
him on the podcast I do doctors don't
live that long
my doctor died that was so it was sad
when he died it was like I trusted you
well there's a great book called
dead doctors don't lie but this guy Joel
Wallach and what a lot of it has to do
with nutrition and it's about mineral
deficiencies and vitamin deficiencies
and doctors who abuse drugs and
essentially talking about how people
rely on doctors for advice about health
yeah when a reality doctors are good at
very specific things like if you're a
podiatrist you're good at fixing feet if
you're a you know an orthopedic surgeon
you're good at knees and shoulders and
shit but you probably don't know a
fuckload about nutrition yeah and you
really don't understand like the
mechanisms of Amadas absorptions of
nutrients and minerals and vitamins and
one of the things that I've learned from
doing this podcast is to understand that
even like what I the cursory
understanding of it that I have you have
to go through fucking hours and hours
and hours of reading and watching
documentaries and listening to experts
and I still have to go back over and
over and over it again so I've talked to
doctors before and they've been like
super dismissive about even taking
vitamins and I get angry at them yeah
well I think all you need is a balanced
diet well you're retarded like what are
you talking about that's a and by that
way I don't mean someone with Down
syndrome nothing
retarded way in slow - yeah you are
you're you have a diminished capacity
for advancement
then you're slowing down the reality of
the progress of nutritional science yes
this is a stupid thing you're doing
right now giving me bad advice you
really don't know what the fuck you're
talking about I get angry I'm like why
would you say that like this is done
don't tell me that there's no benefit to
taking vitamins when there's a fucking
ass load of studies yeah there's data
and science and it's all proved all do
you think it's just south of ours
researching this stuff and trying to
figure out what the fuck is good for you
and what's not good for you and some
chubby asshole with a fucking skinny fat
body is telling me that all you need is
a balanced diet like bitch what's your
diet you ain't got a balance and do you
think that they're just doing that
because they don't lay out of there out
of the vitamins no no they don't have
this just don't feel like reading up on
the new stuff but they haven't they
haven't decided to pursue it
that's all it yes I mean and if they did
pursue it they'd realize it's a fucking
bottomless pit of information yeah from
essential fatty acids to different kinds
of proteins and absorption of
plant-based proteins versus animal-based
proteins what's the benefit of grass
fed beef over regular B it's a fucking
endless stream yeah I mean if you follow
someone like dr. Rhonda Patrick you
realizes really quickly that she is in
the heart of this shit 24 hours a day
seven days a week and she's still
learning things yeah you know it never
ends it never ends I mean we and also it
varies what's good for you is not
necessarily good for me your diet might
not be as effective as mine I only ate
Alec is that bad and that's good that's
good for everybody's alcohol they turn
you into a fucking elk I got some fanny
pack and some goddamn Oh what kind of a
cooking setup do you have at your place
I just have just a stove with frying pan
like cast-iron frying pan I do I have
cook you could cook I'm all right decent
okay I'm decent i hook you up with some
elk sausage we'll start with that
I'll give you a recipe how to cook it
correctly do you have a thermometer I'm
really into it I'm really into Bigfoot
porn can you not say Alec sausage in
front of me I don't have a meat
thermometer no well that's good for elk
sausage it's fine you'll get a sense of
when it's good I believe you want want
one me why because I didn't get to joke
sausage bro I'm sorry I'm insulting her
no it's just
Bigfoot dick elk sausage I don't know
why I wouldn't draw those two I wouldn't
pull those together why you wouldn't
yeah why why would I not have one of
them is Angela the other one is a
legendary primate oh my god you're
really getting stuck on semantics here
listen you're the one who cracked the
joke let me just make some fucking jokes
I just got accused of doing a therapy
session and now I'm telling jokes was
I'm feeling triggered are you feeling
judged no no but I'm not feeling judged
but everybody that I know that has had
those wild drunken days it has come out
on the other side there's something like
nostalgic about it like you look back
and go huh
I made it through that have you been
doing a a meeting you can't it's like
the good old times an AI or I always
felt like people were either
telling these stories that were so
insane and I was like I'm not an
alcoholic or they were like oh my god -
pussy shit
get out of here you're even cool enough
to be here like Celebrity Rehab right
did you ever watch that show huh
one of the best parts about it was Eric
Roberts you know Julia Roberts brother
bunch of movies he was there for weed
addiction yeah and everybody else is
having the fucking DTS there on the
floor in the fetal position shaken he's
reading the paper treadmill is so
ridiculous like some people you know
their stories are a joke I did quit
smoking weed and it did make things a
lot easier like laundry just little
things I was like oh that was maybe
making things I would always smoke weed
before I would clean my apartment that
was like seven years to get my apartment
Glenn yeah it can get distracting it
doesn't it does not affect me well yeah
well when I do things like if I want to
clean my office I just have a thing like
this is what we're doing now I don't
know even listening to music is not good
oh yeah I find out I used to listen to
podcasts while I clean my office but
then I find that I would be like pausing
and listening to routing them part then
I'd want to rewind it I'm like oh I'm
fuckin with myself here I'm distracting
right and then that's a weird defense
mechanism too because I do that all the
time too I'm always multitasking and I
always have to be doing three things at
once like you know I yeah cuz it's gonna
make me I'm gonna slow down so much I
might have to like mmm yeah so like
writing to like sometimes I write
listening to music but most the time
it's better without music with lyrics
yeah yeah sometimes lyrics and sometimes
foreign music I like foreign music is I
don't know what they're saying
what kind Brazilian I like a lot of
Brazilian music I like a lot of Spanish
me some Bollywood or what I listen to
some with that
alright dollar men day do you know
dollar ideas no you don't know Darwin
now oh he's amazing
it's really cool I just listened I
listened to a lot of Elton John that's
what I'm into right now that's why I
like to wear all my crazy things yeah I
like to Elton John that should please
some dollar Mindy may have played on my
phone didn't with your band high percent
100 percent why it's gotten before even
if we all because you can yeah yeah
howdy spells name da areas dollar
mending
what is this say the song is not
currently available in your country or
region oh my god I love it now I'm
really into it and but I want that shit
what is that here goes that's actually a
woman getting fucked by big he's a guy
yelling yes Wow okay welcome to the
wonderful world of the internet anyway I
like dollar Mindy it sounds cool but is
his name dollar da h-hold on I would
liked it better if it was like the
dollars a le are m eh n di but I think
he got arrested for human trafficking
but can you still like his work that's a
problem like I was at a Dave Chappelle
and I did some shows the other day oh
yeah DJ and the DJ was playing all this
Michael Jackson music and he is so good
yeah he's great oh he's a fucking
pedophile allegedly most likely yeah
pretty probably yeah definitely did
something wrong yeah even though it's
still fucking great
yeah but also he's dead yeah so what if
you don't listen to his music you're
punishing what are you punishing okay
the man's dead right but even if he
wasn't dead like if Ted Bundy had some
great poetry would you want to read it
would you enjoy it um no I don't agree
probably not yeah yeah I mean I don't
know this I really don't know what
Michael Jackson did I don't know and I
don't think anybody does it to ya but
there's a lot of fucking weirdness to it
for sure yeah hands of little boys and I
know it's really uncomfortable just like
inappropriate boundaries and that's
enough to like molest okay honestly just
having that inappropriate the single
word thing between kids and grownups
it's not good yeah you hold hands with
your nieces nephews and that makes sense
your children that makes sense but if
you're a 55 year old man and you're
holding hands with 11 year old boy and
Dubai yeah that's where I'm not again
I gotta get suspicious yeah I got a
question whether I'm gonna enjoy this
song that I'm enjoying right now he's
done it something yeah oh good I was
listening to the music I was like god
damn this guy was amazing yeah so except
there's no way he wasn't molested I mean
doesn't he seem so molested well um in
the interest of being beaten a fucking
dead horse I have talked about this many
times in the podcast where I think that
he was a castrato which is someone who
was castrated when he was very young to
preserve his high-pitched voice then his
doctor the same doctor that killed him
came out later this is long after I'd
predicted this and said that he was
chemically castrated to preserve his
voice so he he confirmed what I was
saying and what this doctor so intrusive
castration are you not able to get a
boner I don't believe so
oh my god so he maybe wasn't molesting
them but he was just he could have been
just being weird with them I don't know
who maybe didn't do anything with them
maybe he just wanted to be a child maybe
his childhood was stripped from him
because he was famous from the time was
five fucking years old and his father
did something yeah it definitely was a
weird life according to the doctor his
father did did something to Mike
chemical castration is what they do to
pedophiles yeah they'll do it to
pedophiles so that they can never get
erections and it basically stops your
body's production of testosterone and
kills your testes and they do it with
some some chemical injection and
apparently according to the doctor
that's what they did to Michael Jackson
which you think about his voice it makes
sense
yes his voice was insane yeah it was so
high-pitched and if you listen to like
castrato z-- those there's there's only
a few recordings of actual Cristiano's
but it was a common practice not common
was knowing everybody did it but it was
a practice that was done to young boys
to preserve their high-pitched voice
with your fucking castrating what a word
horrible cuz strata but they did it I
mean people would let their children get
their balls chopped off so they sing
good and they would you know it'd be
very valuable to how long how long ago
was that well there's a recording so the
recording I don't think they had
recordings until like the late 1800s
I don't believe but there was a lot of
dance yesterday had a boy dance last
1920 to 1922 is the last castrato
recording and how old was that dude
so he's probably born in the 1800s or
something he died in that same year so
hmm
it's but it's he died never nothing but
always yeah beautiful singing voice of
an angel and we can't play that either
right
no you should listen to it though well
I'll play so upsetting yeah
it is upsetting it's haunting yeah you
can't yeah you can't enjoy that yeah I
played it for a friend of mine the other
night and he was like what's and I was
like look you gotta listen to this and I
played he's like he's a fucking real and
he's like it sounds like someone did
something to somebody maybe people
should jerk off to it - like in honor of
the men was 63 when he died in 1922 is
born in 1958 and those recorded 18 v
done in 1902 tonight - no force that
makes him 40s
yeah here's in his 40s he said weird
nose you said 1958 you mean he was born
in 1850 1850s he was born sorry yeah
in 1922 Wow yeah that's the whole
thing's dark the look you gave me during
my circle-jerk
idea was red well looked out urea you
gave me a come on bitch circle-jerk for
the I was saying it too if you couldn't
come look are you projecting listen I
know this is uncomfortable whew and
you're nervous to be here but I'm your
friend I love you and I want you to be
happy no come on the King you know I
love you I know I love you too thank you
so much for having me I really do
appreciate it I am trying to be chill
it's just like a cool and weirded out by
this but being here I'm not weirded out
I'm trying to be in the moment I like to
be funny impulsively like it's my
impulse to always like tell jokes and
stuff and this isn't more like chill
less jokey to be jokey okay now there's
pressure to be joking
huh you're overthinking this shit - I'm
not overthinking anything I'm being
chilling normal everyone cups of coffee
one's calling me a cunt what is uh one
of them one of them is caveman what's
the other one this is caveman and this
is a cunt mug I got it for my dad and I
got one for myself - got it for your dad
yeah as a joke well my dad and I it also
looks like it says aunt we one time we
went to we were at the post office my
dad's very funny he reminds me of caddy
daddy actually the oh really
by the way that fucking thing is
hilarious that you guys are doing yeah
we recorded one and then it just wasn't
funny it wasn't we have to rethink it
mm-hmm don't want to put out we don't
wanna disappoint one you did dude the
one you did put out was hilarious yeah
that was fun yeah he's so fun he's
hilarious but um so my dad and I were at
the post office and mailing something
out and I was taking a while and mail
something out and just we're just
jokingly antagonistic you know my dad's
like come on I was like dad leave me
alone I'm not done you know we're just
joking with each other and this old
woman who's been observing she goes to
leave and then she just pivots before
she leaves and turns around she goes she
goes you know what young lady you're a
real itch and itch and itch and my dad
goes I think he mean an unde which is
fuckin one of our best stories my dad
he's funny so she doesn't realize you're
just joking around she didn't get we're
just joking she was like oh you're being
so it's like did you tell everybody this
is my dad we're just joking
no my dad said she's an aunt we laughed
so I think she got effed yeah well she
was leaving when he said it yeah we just
work with like crying and then the fact
that someone needs to stop you and
getting put you in your place yeah it's
just so silly but it's like she was all
mushy now yeah I'm sure I'm just gonna
try really hard to not be one of those
old people what do you think you're
gonna be like an old age I think I'm
gonna peek I'm excited well I'm I'm
trying hard to I'm trying really hard to
be in the moment and appreciate each new
age and not get anything in my face or
do anything like that and if you're
sitting in your face well you know
except cumshots obviously know I mean
like
you know oh you know I don't try not to
do anything too crazy it's just it's
fighting an inevitable thing and I think
it's a gift to age you know it's we get
to be different every day my mom was a
she worked at a this organization called
gray Panthers which chemically great
pain yes for old people but like the
fuck old people that like to fuck I mean
I'm sure they like to fuck but Maggie
Kuhn Maggie Kuhn was the woman's name
which I know there's a little bit of a
parallel between gray Panthers Black
Panthers her last names oh yeah but it
was spelled differently but so she was
this it was in Philadelphia and she was
she like died versus 19 maybe 89 but we
still hang out with her all the time and
she had dated famously dated like a 40
year old I think in her 80s or something
oh so I think she was fucking was she
peganum she might have been packing him
I don't know if she could pack at that
point she had a lot of hats a lot of
keys down a peg guy oh he can peg
himself yeah you remember uh Elizabeth
Taylor it was like she married a series
of gay guys before she died oh yeah yeah
honey that happens really pretty old
ladies they you know just want a man to
tell them they're beautiful I've been
just showered with compliments by gay
men yeah I think they go through
menopause too and they probably give up
on the idea sex yeah they just want
pretty men around them yeah I mean not
that her gays were that pretty I've had
prettier gays I've definitely been the
lat I've been the last pose for a couple
guys the last post before gay yeah I'm
like and then one guy got married and
should I was sure he was I sure I was
sure it was his last listen just because
he got married doesn't mean he's not
good yeah that's a good point I know it
but he guys would read a man would reach
out to him they would try to touch him
and he was wearing a suit we lived in
Santa family wearing wear suit like slap
is it their hands were like not until he
comes out I know I mean I was like
there's no way you should always want to
have like threesomes with other guys I
go I remember we invited my one friend
and we were just drinking so much we
called uh we called Jack Daniels OJ so
we didn't feel weird and more like past
the OJ were just like fucking shit-faced
all the time
shaggy Marie went to this college it
went my college and I'm going out of
business just there's a little school in
Santa Fe just hammered and my friend who
I worked at a restaurant with a guy
friend
he wanted to hook up with me so he's
like sweet so he like hops into bed with
us and then he leaves and the next day
he's like he kept looking me in the eye
and he kept looking at me he can try to
make eye contact with me so he was
boning you and your boyfriend Leia I
don't know if he ended up boning me I
think he would just he hopped in the
hopped out pretty quick was that mean
cuz he got freaked out because but
actually I mean we were in black guys at
that point I really feel like I'm five
years younger than I am because I just
blacked out five years you should write
about those days I know I guess book
there were so many I have so many crazy
stories and it's funny because I always
thought everyone else had them
I really thought everyone else had this
great I'm like you didn't steal cars and
like you didn't do all these things that
never happened to you have you thought
about writing a book yeah but they'll be
it's also a great like comedy writing
act yeah I know all these stories on
stage so more yeah
flash and the chain gang was I mean
there's just been so many I drew some
pictures I draw - so I've been drawn in
a while but I drew like a coloring book
ones that I never followed through with
but it was a lessons from a chubby
alcoholic and it was just different like
true scenes from my drinking days just
fucking crazy the shit I did so how did
you stop well tape that actually brings
me back to Tate so I moved to New York I
wanted to do stand-up so bad I just done
that one thing at the cowgirl in Santa
Fe and I liked it I really like I was
nervous and I don't remember I'm sure it
was like all abortion jokes I don't
really remember but then I do remember
my first set after that I remember all
the beginning ones so the first one was
when I got to New York I moved to New
York to do stand-up I crashed my scooter
so I wanted to move to LA I had met
people out in LA and I thought that was
where I wanted to go but because I kept
drinking and driving I was like I have a
drinking and driving problem I have to
go somewhere where I can't drive so I
moved to New York thank God because I
think I really I think it helped me
really push and get really strong before
I came out here so I moved to New York I
wanted to do stand-up I was just
drinking I was partying I have so many
friends I just went on benders like
random shit I was just doing insane
things day drinking just way more drunk
than
everyone else my left my drinking
buddies in Santa Fe and everyone else
was kind of like what are you up to so I
was staying on my friend's couch and I
wanted to do stand-up and so finally she
was like look I'm let's just go do an
open mic I'll go with you and I was like
all right so I got all my jokes ready we
go to an open mic I go up I drop my
setlist and then I completely black out
I'm so nervous and like in this basement
at this place code cake shop
my friend Kate Berlant was the host of
it or was she the host yet I don't know
anyway I got up on stage and completely
bombed just started yelling at everyone
I just started yelling at all of these
comics like fuck you you piece of shit
like I don't know what happened and then
I sat down at the bar and I'd already
quit Jager Jager was the first thing I
quit so I was sitting at the bar and
some guy came up this comic who I did
not like or think was funny or want
anything to do with and he kept buying
me drinks he was buying me shots of
Jager and I was like look man I'm like
struggling with drinking I really like I
can't really say no to a drink but
please stop buying them for me he just
kept buying I'm like I just was you know
I wasn't gonna stop and so he kept
buying them and then so then I ended up
waking up on his air mattress is that
for my first open mic waking up as air
mattress fully clothed didn't fuck him
or anything just like trapped somewhere
in Bushwick it was snowing I was like
where am i what am i doing I looked
around his apartment and like all I want
to do is be a comedian I was so sure
that's what I wanted to do I was
spending all this time drinking get a
second set this was my second yeah this
one I'd moved to New York was my first
one in New York what it made you so sure
that you wanted to be a comedian I just
never wanted to do anything else and
when I think but you'd only had one set
at a karaoke bar mm-hmm and then the
second set were you screamed until
everybody fuck yeah
what was it that made you think that you
could do it um I just I don't know I
just never wanted to do anything else I
just didn't have another there was no
other plan I had been a special ed
teacher I had done a go-go dancer I'd
worked at the bars I'd done all that
stuff I just never I just always I just
felt like if I could do it I could do it
mmm I mean I guess it's that little bit
of that delusion and that but I just I
never but I knew that I wouldn't be able
to do I knew there were obstacles in my
way and I knew that drinking was one of
them I had talked to a comic before
that said at the open mic and he had
said just try not to his advice to me
was try not to hook up with the with the
guys at open mics because you're gonna
get a reputation when you're just trying
to be respected so he had said that to
me good advice I that was great advice
because it's also there's no time for
that this was my whole hustle also what
are the odds that person's gonna follow
through if you follow through and become
a comic what are the odds that they are
yeah I might get hitched up to some
fucking loser yeah you definitely want
to get hitched up but it also was I
needed to put all my energy I was in and
I'm barely in a place now to be in a
relationship so it's like this was 11
years ago so I I I when I woke up on
that guy's air mattress I was like fuck
like I already broke the thing that I
wanted to do and I was already you know
from all my like weird sexual assault II
stuff when I was younger I just didn't
have a good relationship with sex
drinking didn't help with it you know
everything was just out of control and
all and I had this thing now this like
precious thing that I want so bad so you
know crashing my scooter almost dying
all that shit that wasn't enough but
stand-up really was that's what I wanted
so I went to my friend's house and I
called tape I just called to I was like
I want I got a I just want to do this
and I want to quit drinking so he told
me to go to meetings and just try it out
do you remember your first meeting yeah
I went to one I think it was a Lower
East Side and the guy sharing was
talking about he's like I always knew I
had a problem because I I when I was two
I took all the tylenol and I was like
what are you talking about any kid with
a childproof thing is just gonna eat the
pills I remember kind of judging him and
being like whatever but it was good to
have that community then because I
needed to detach myself from like the
partiers and all that lifestyle so I did
go to I did 19 I did a meeting every day
for 90 days and then I I never went back
some people actually learn how to do
stand-up from those meetings there was a
guy got a bomb there was a guy named
Dave Fitzgerald it was a really funny
comedian back at Boston and he learned
how to do stand-up from making hilarious
stories out of his drunk days he he was
a fucking raging alcohol yeah the same
thing just quit and then started doing
stand-up and literally learned how to do
it yeah meeting cuz he would tell these
crazy stories about being
act out fucked up and being in gunfights
mm-hmm you know high speed races and all
this nuts if you had alcohol - Oh crazy
stuff goes down yeah but yeah many of
them learn how to do stand-up yeah
you're standing up in front of an
audience I was brought up Quaker - so
our church was you stand up and speak
and everyone just sits there in silence
yeah what's that like
which one's Quaker that's the oak box Oh
box everyone's like gets it confused
with Amish which doesn't nothing to do
with Amish the difference it's just a
very chill Christianity so it's those
the pilgrim hats the fists Quakers no I
don't think they were the they were when
did Quakers and start I don't know
Sophists they're they're pacifists they
believe that God's in the form of an
inner light that's and everyone and
everything so why would you fight it I
mean I agree with that just from
hallucinogens and shit too but it's
something I struggle with like I have to
look back at you know childhood
predators and I'm like can I have to
forgive these people because they are
from the same light I guess what is the
what's the wacky thinkers Quakers are
well it's just very it's just you sit in
silence so the churches there's two
types there's programmed and unbroken
that was unprogrammed which is the super
chillin there's no Bible talk there's no
preacher there's nothing you just sit
and benches facing each other my meeting
house had these old creeps explain what
are you talking about so it's like a
it's a meeting house that you meet up
with on Sundays yeah you look down at
your hands you don't really look at each
other but you sit
there's facing benches and then there's
you know benches here so you are kind of
all looking at it you're facing each
other and what do you do you sit in
silence and then if you feel moved to
speak it supposed to be God speaking
through you but if you just feel moved
to speak at all you just stand up and
you say whatever you want Wow and so you
know reading scripture I mean some
people every once in a while someone
would do that growing up but I went to a
Quaker school - and we were little kids
we stuff to sit in signs for like 45
minutes which was impossible it's such
about 80 - it was insane I would wear
shirts that had like things on it I
could play with like I had a shirt with
a phone and I had like a cord and I
would just wear it and I would set
alarms and set on my alarm so it
wouldn't go off I just had to be doing
stuff it was crazy
you're just so little and you're just
they're so bored I'm so bored you know
and what's the first thing they do they
try to medicate them because yeah
they're so bored well I got Medicaid
Ritalin and stuff Oh No
but when I was older I don't feel like
it affected me they put me on
antidepressants a little bit but I was
pretty good at being like I don't want
to do these things you don't feel like
it affected you to be my Celyn but I
didn't take it for that long how long
did you take it for I don't know I don't
like looking for the home alley makovski
duh she was talking about I love her
love her too she's just about how like
that same shit happened to her when she
was kids yeah bouncing off the walls and
the Medicaid yeah yeah it's so it is
interesting because it is I can only
imagine what it's like to be a parent
you just there's all this information
coming at you and you're dealing with
your own shit and a lot of people didn't
go through their healing process or
anything - so it must be so hard to be a
parent it's just got to be crazy I think
about it I never wanted to have a kid
until I did some hallucinogens and then
I was like maybe I want to have a kid
you'd be a great mom yeah I think I
would but I'm just dealing with all my
heel I'm dealing with all my I just want
to make sure I'm not in a place I I was
very angry in the past and it's
something that I work on a lot I just
wouldn't want to redo patterns and stuff
like that but I do think because I've
had I had such a traumatic stuff I think
I would be I think I could protect my
kids so good when the Quakers are
allowed to medicate their kids that's
part of the doctrine yeah you can so
there's no dot I mean it's pretty loose
it's like you can do whatever you want
there was one guy that wore his like
Jewish stuff to a meeting I went to
meeting after the election I went a
little bit I was like maybe I want to go
back to church what the Quaker Church
yeah I just fell in 16 yeah cuz I just
was it just triggered a lot of things in
me and and I went real crazy for a
second I just had a lot of trauma that I
wasn't doing one drop one it wasn't this
is embarrassing okay I was hanging out
with a lot of anyway what happened I
just got really like I got really mad I
don't know I got really mad I just
wasn't I wasn't um dealing with stuff
and it just kind of pushed all this
stuff forward for me and how so what do
you mean buddy just like some sexual
assault stuff just came up like I think
a lot of people that were angry and were
marching around and stuff we had some
personal triggers that had happened for
them so because of like the grab them by
the pussy yeah and then you read it and
then I read up on it and it's not what
seems and I don't know I just I you know
there was a lot of hysteria and it just
triggered just triggered a lot of my
shit but I'm glad it did because it
helped me get through a lot of stuff and
I definitely I think have a different
view on those things now and I you know
I was running around so mad at who I'm
like Who am I mad at I did a lot of like
when it first happened I was like fuck
man I did that for about three months
thank God I got out of that but really
angry and just projecting and piss and
all this stuff and it's like there's a
few there's a few men I'm at it right
there's a few I'm certainly not mad at
men but there are a few from your past
yeah you know and that was something I
had to deal with and I had to learn to
compartmentalize that and not make it
this broad thing I hate when people
setting the drinking days the drinking
days and for my childhood you know I had
I had some fucked up should happen but
you know it it's you can't it's just
important for me to not blame a large
group of people that have nothing to do
with my trauma and it's also when I get
triggered what I needed to learn was
that's my responsibility to handle my
trigger and I can't just be running
around like this like unsheathes sword
I mean I can but I'm gonna cut everyone
around me yeah the thing that people do
when they blame everyone that's part of
that group you know it's so common it's
oh you remember there was a real problem
a few months back where Liam Neeson was
talking about one of his friends that
had gotten something that happened were
black I had done something murdered one
of his friend raped when I was friends
something awful thing right and so he
would go out at night with a bat looking
for a black guy to start trouble and he
talked about and everybody was furious
at him
yeah and he was saying like look I
didn't do anything and I was in a
terrible state of mind just being honest
about this I'm not proud it was one of
the most embarrassing and darkest moment
my life but I did it right and not
letting people express those things and
and talk about it and say oh wait cuz I
am embarrassed that I got so man Haiti I
mean it's a bite you know there's a
couple podcast I did where I was like
fuck Matt you know and I that hurts
people I hurt people by saying that
I mean so whatever no but people have
lashed out at me for stuff like that but
it's like I don't fuckin I don't have
the capacity to hate an entire group of
people and I certainly like I have
brothers I have my dad I don't don't you
think so sometimes you say things and
that's not really what you mean
yes pressing anger mm-hmm of course and
then I think right now what's going on
and I've checked out of a lot of stuff I
don't pay attention to a lot of things
anymore because it was just like what
the news you mean yeah it's just like
not it's not real I don't read Twitter
at all I just don't do it it's like I
got to focus on what I can do and how I
can feel good and how I can I just want
to make people laugh have a good time
make people feel good I want to feel
good it's like I can't do that if I'm in
this constant state of taking and all
this information that's just pushing my
buttons pushing my buttons well yeah
some of its not gonna be but someone
certainly is and if you're not
controlling the like you have a mental
diet too and that's something that
people don't think of all the time you
know I remember who described it that
way but it's the best way of describing
it you have a physical diet and if you
have a poor physical diet your body says
yeah if you have a poor mental diet your
mind is sick yeah you're taking a
nonsense all timeout and fights you know
I had Bernie Sanders on yesterday and
who that guy is running for something no
kind of looks like my dad yeah and I've
briefly looked into the comments of one
of the posts and so many fucking people
are so goddamn toxic yeah they're just
battling it out left and right and
misrepresenting his position miss Rep
someone's calling me and all right white
supremacist white nationalist like what
in the fuck that's so I sent them a
t-shirt so this has someone said that I
had somewhat witnesses Stormfront
or something like that what is that
white supremacist Paige storm front of
something they said I had the founder of
storm front on my part the fuck are you
talking about you just Muriel proudly no
I'm so proud of this guy
yeah I'd Gavin McGinnis Gavin who is the
founder of the problem I had him on
before but I had him on before there was
a brown boys I didn't even know what the
fuck yeah but also why can't you talk to
her
and I asked him about it and I was
critical I was criticizing and I was
like you can't just claim you're gonna
have violence with people it's it's so
fucking dumb and then all the proud boys
shit that happened with violence came
far after that but people are like
blaming me for having him on I don't
even know what the fuck it is he's the
co-founder of ice that's also just it's
also interesting don't you want to hear
the other side like don't I want to hear
everyone's opinions and everyone's
thoughts don't you want to try to
understand and come to a common ground
don't you want to realize like I'm not
religious really or anything but it's
like we are all God's children like
there's missing this whole thing it's
this fight each other yes but no okay
the problem is there's a lot of these
people that do go on shows and try to
reinvent themselves disingenuous way and
they try to whitewash what they're doing
whitewash their past and to that point I
mean the idea is that you're helping
them recruit people okay before he was
on my podcast though there was no work
there was no people for him to recruit
to that people need to understand like
he wasn't there was nothing like I had
him on because he was this guy was funny
and he used to do a lot of interesting
video he fucked up when he started that
group and he fucked up when he was
calling for violence and telling people
to choke a bitch and punch people and
grab these people and he was doing it in
response to the violence that antiva was
was pushing on right-wing people that
would have these meetings and show up
yeah doing like it's all clown mirror
back at them it's all crazy Riya was all
poorly thought out but the idea that
that makes you a white nationalist cuz
you talk because you talk to them yeah
it's so fucking stupid but it's like
this is the world we live in and
everything so authorised it's like your
left or right your black or white your
one or zero it's like there's no gray
area what they also freeze you in the
one moment that you said the thing and
then there's no before or after there's
no growth there's nothing it's like yeah
fucking out yeah they just look for this
quote trap and just that's it I said
that you said that like not like I
clarified like yeah took it back I
revisited it like there's a lot of
things that people do when you talk or
you just you know you say things like
you say things like you don't even know
what
fuck you're gonna say when you're saying
it yes and then you go up doesn't make
sense when you read re-clarify and when
you're talking a long-form conversation
and like this and a podcast and someone
wants to take a snip it out of it and
they just decide that that's who you are
it's nuts it doesn't make any sense and
it's this is the world we're living in
today everybody wants to paint everyone
is toxic yeah everyone that you want to
paint so many people I should say want
to paint people as being a problem or a
negative thing and it's like this is the
Twitter world where 20% of the people
make 80% yes yeah so many of them are
fucking losers and it's also it's such a
you're giving all of your power out to
outward you're not paying attention to
yourself you're blaming others you're
trying to change the world around you
you're trying to create a safe space
through other people yeah yeah like jail
unhappy you're gonna be in your life if
you're expecting other people to come
cower to all of your demands and 12 your
stuff they're not trying to be happy
part of it with what they're trying to
do is somehow or another score points
and rack up was you know and and
distract themselves from their own life
by focusing on these external issues
that they think are critical and super
important and some of them are obviously
running for president whoever is gonna
be presidents very important issue and
most of the time like 95 percent of time
I avoid comments but for whatever reason
I just found myself flipping through it
because I wanted to see what the people
think about Bernie yeah you can't look
you can't love it seems worse though it
seems like every time I check if I don't
check Twitter for four months and then I
check it it's like whoa is that if
things accelerated this much or people
are so angry at so many different things
and just they they paint people in such
character caricature way like a OC is a
woman who I don't think they're I don't
think I've ever seen anybody work so
people worked so hard to mischaracterize
her or paint her in a horrible light and
I'm like look she says things that I
don't agree with yeah why is everyone so
fucking angry like what is this well
people were put all their thing on
things on you know and they're they have
these beliefs and like definitely when I
was in my whole like you know when I was
extra angry and feeling you know you you
have this whole system around you mm-hmm
and you you know you can't hear the
other side and you have to like yes
everyone has to be a villain in that or
they they're either with you or against
you and I don't know it's just Timmy is
just unhealthy I had to tap out I
stopped paying attention to a lot of
stuff and I don't know if that makes me
ignorant I just got to live a happy life
no I don't think it does make you angry
I don't think it's a an effective way to
communicate I think it's a really
piss-poor way to communicate and I think
it it fosters rage more than I mean yeah
there's something about being able to
talk to people where you don't have
social cues you don't have empathy
you're not looking at them and people
say the mean is nasty shit either and
it's insulting people and dunking on
people is more important than actual
community well it's attention too so
it's you know they're maybe trying to
impress their other buddies that are on
there they're trying to get those extra
little likes right they're like the the
main point would be they want to get
your attention holy shit that got Joe
Rogan's attention that's so cool you
know they just want to feel alive or
whatever and that's you know people have
their own process I try to not take
anything personally it's like you don't
know me if you don't like me like that's
weird you don't know me you shouldn't
really have that much of opinion it's
like not finding your validation you
can't find the good stuff or the bad
stuff in the comments you can't but if
you look at the comments for good things
it's just as bad as looking at for bad
things yeah I mean some people think
it's a good idea to gauge like whether
or not the conversation was effective
whether or not you could have done
something better than navigated more
efficiently or more more entertaining
for the make it more entertaining for
the people to listen looking for the
constructive criticism yeah they're mean
there can be some of that from some
people the problem is you're trying to
manage all this data at scale right
you're dealing with thousands and
thousands of humans that are chiming in
and a lot of them are deeply unhappy
yeah a lot of people that are commenting
on things that are just really
frustrated with their lives like imagine
if someone saw or listened to you when
you're like fuck man
yeah and they're like oh that's who she
exactly then you see they see you on
here laughing and being silly yeah wait
who's this bitch yeah like that doesn't
make any sense that's not the same
person yeah well you're not the same
person you're not the same person who
you were six months ago I know
groan oh I believe yeah I hope so I mean
I do I try to do a lot of work on myself
I stopped look watching you this was
huge for me I was watching a lot of true
crime I was watching like Dateline stuff
like all these things and I mean that is
fucking toxic people are obsessed with
it they're obsessed with it and I just
started to realize I know a friend of
mine had there was one about her sister
and once I saw that and I just realized
like this is not good this is finding
entertainment out of these really real
things that have happened to people in
this pain and I have had fucked-up
things happen I've had friends have
fucked up things happen I've seen these
things I don't need to bring awareness
to this I know that and a lot of women
get into those true crime shows
it's like dramatic and everything but
it's not it's it's real these are real
things that happen to people is it
because you want to know that that's out
there so you can prepare yourself for so
you can be aware like what is what is
the appeal because apparently see find
out this is true but I remember reading
this that true crime shows sort of skew
in their demographics more female than
male like the more females are into true
crime shows than male yeah I don't know
I just I think it's like a beginning
middle and end to a story like there's a
whole plot line and then they catch the
person and the way the editing is and
you know the interviews and well for a
lot a lot of the episodes they will
sometimes they catch them before they
kill them and that's disappointing but
it's just very young women are the
biggest true crime buffs and here's why
if you're even remotely interested in
true crime story oh and true crime boy
mm-hmm have the last couple years been
good to you first there was the mega hit
podcast serial which launched October
2014 several months later the HP HP
released the jinx six episode
documentary blah blah blah blah blah
blah captivating as captivating as
programs were for the general public one
group in particular has become
particularly enthusiastic about the
genre young women hmm it's weird and a
lot of the victims are young women it's
like what I don't know what it is hmm I
don't know what sort of likely that
according to dr. Howard Forman a
forensic psychiatrist had
Montefiore Medical Center the trend is
rooted in empathy by the time you get to
adulthood women are able to empathize
with a greater degree than men on
average Foreman tells tech inside this
may lead to true crime being more
interesting to women than men simply
because if you empathize more with the
victim it may be more relevant to you
and more gripping and then if you
empathize with the murderer you're in
some trouble yeah it's just a job it
just was too I don't know it just got so
dark and weird and yeah I had a guy in
my when I was living with my
ex-boyfriend in this hood in this
apartment building there was this really
weird kid who was so overly familiar and
just really weird with me and I felt I
really felt threatened by him I felt
really uncomfortable with him I told the
landlord you know my boyfriend was
traveling a lot for work and stuff so I
was alone a lot I had a cold that he was
like maybe 18 he's young he just was
weird he was off Asperger's he very
weird like very just the way he looked
at me was weird he overly complimented
me in an inappropriate way I would set
up boundaries he would keep coming he
tried to I was bringing my laundry up to
my apartment and my boyfriend was out of
town and he the kid lived on a different
floor than me and he goes oh let me take
your laundry coat no no and he goes I'll
only take oh no I don't need your help
very clear and then he the door opens to
the elevator he tries to take my laundry
I go no and then I get off the elevator
and I start walking and he starts
following me and I go you don't live on
this floor and he goes oh sometimes I
get off here and walk up I go no you
don't you're not supposed to be on this
floor and then I pretended to go into
someone else's apartment because I
couldn't let him know where I lived
and then he left so that's when I called
Tate again and he set me up with Scott
I've seen a tenth planet and that's when
I would start doing jujitsu because I'm
like nobody's fucking with me anymore
there's no I cannot control my
surroundings I cannot control that all I
can do is control my live in the same
Jesus Christ yeah that's the thing that
we might have to deal with and I I have
experienced it to a far lesser degree
with creepy dudes who want to follow me
in hotels oh yeah
I've seen people people are so weird
with you yeah it's weird they want to
follow you in hotels though yeah like
guys follow me into the elevator and
want to come to my room like hey yeah
they want to watch you jerk them no
people come up to you and they're so
excited this is their moment there
they're shivering they're shaking I
watch it all the time it's night I told
you I want to do a reaction where they
just should have our faces your friends
faces when people are approaching it
we're just all like oh my god I mean
they do it on a smaller scale with other
people too but I mean you really have it
they're always unfolding a paper they've
always got something they need to share
with you and this is their big chance to
tell you whatever the thing is that they
need to tell you I mean it is really
their moment so you're a part of
people's biggest moment of their life
all day long the biggest one is one they
have a business pitch uh-huh the most
frustrating Cena I'm like listen we are
not going into business together yeah
how do you know if you don't hear it
because I don't have time to do what I'm
doing already like and I'm afraid I'm
already selling fanny packs I can't do
more super busy the fanny pack business
higher primate calm a fanny pack means I
died when you told me you saw a fanny
pack every month I have to keep
restocking I'm here the king I don't
even get it
I sell a lot of fucking fanny packs they
sell it crazy but they're really
high-quality I was living out of my car
when you told me that it's a company
called roots from Canada they make them
super high quality leather and I just
get them to print it with a higher
primate logo on them but you know how I
found out about this company and they're
excellent fanny pack they didn't involve
anal sex
no dice clay oh my god Dice Clay and I
said where did you get that glorious
fanny Packers like oh you like it and he
showed it to me and I said this is
fucking excellent can I go through its
roots there's nothing in there but yeah
there's nothing good chaps neck yeah
it's saucy BD chopstick DVD huh that's
the only one I fuck with I took some
before I came so I didn't freak the fuck
out does it help you oh there's
something in here okay there's so rich
show yourself reg I was living on my car
next to dice parking next to one of your
cars that's it right there see that
roots fanny pack that's where I learned
about it got the fucking beautiful fanny
pack and that's what makes yours yours
well I bought it from the roots company
I had them produce them for me and it's
hard to see because it's kind of this is
an older one that's what I've had this
one for a few years but there's the
higher primate logo that's embossed and
the can you get one that says Annie
fanny no but you can make it Joe bring
it somewhere the money we lend me some
money to make my fanny bag glitter on it
it's uh yeah I should do like a craft
thing that'll be fun shall we have a
crap yeah we'll do a little craft show
puffy paints just do it with glue you
paint it with glue and then you
sprinkles
you know glitter all over yeah the glue
will stick to glue I'm very glittery
yeah there you go I don't think so I try
our heart though dude that's a good look
for you yeah I'm trying to open John and
I watch this video of Elton John live
all the time out of what are you showing
me Jamie guys the trend of wearing him
on up here those people are about that
Howard's they're young no no no thank
you mold rather no no no no no no no
they are cowards they don't want to wear
it as a fanny pack so they wear it over
their shoulder because they're cowards
yeah and if a hot girl comes it doesn't
like fanny packs they can throw their
elbow into it and pretend they're
injured no I got a laugh saw swing
they're doing it because they don't want
to they want the functionality of a
fanny pack but they don't want the
social stigma they're cowards well it's
a new yeah it's like the Jaden Smith was
like Jaden's I don't know it's like he
would wear that it's the younger this is
the younger generation they're they've
taken our fanny packs and they've made
them into something out there's any
non-binary maybe what is it saying at
the bottom of that you'll be picture is
that coward any pack and see-through
iridescent zip okay I don't have a
see-through bag by the way nobody wants
to see her tampons hide your purse maybe
I don't know you never know what these
young boys these days they're very woke
woke there's so light I was bite there's
all these women that want to get choked
by Bigfoot so I was reading this thing
about Yale and that Yale put tampons in
men's room because they said not
everyone who men straights is a woman
and I'm like yes they are I thought
maybe they worked for diarrhea no yes
everyone who men straights is a woman
scientifically we're getting a woman
right now lucky yeah it is it is a weird
thing that's happening oh I'll call
anyone whatever they want it's just a
weird yeah I will too I have no problem
I want I would I would love to make you
happy as long as it doesn't it's so
wacky well Chappelle said that thing on
his special rece ed to what degree do I
have to partake in your self esteem
right that's a good way of looking at it
yeah yeah I mean it's but it's not just
that it's it's an enforcement there's
like an authoritarian enforcement of
certain language in certain ways of
communicating with people yeah you know
there is a goddam hilarious thing that
Tim Poole posted up of a communist
meeting where this woman is calling
everyone comrades and this guy is like
could everyone please stop moving
because could you guys please stop
moving because I have severe a DD and
all this moving is really distracting me
and woman goes all right Thank You
comrade duly noted and then the guy goes
please can you stop using gendered
language when you say that in my very
it's very offensive and like it is woke
gone this is what I was saying before
about how it's like if you're expecting
the world to accommodate to you like
your safe space is inside yourself you
fool it's inside you you don't have
control of the outside world this is
people trying to control the language of
everyone around them yes and then saying
it's unsafe if they don't follow your
new vocabulary that's an unfair thing
did you find it and he said this can't
be real it's like two days ago
he put it me a sam harris reminded me of
it as we were fucking howling laughing
about it it's it's just times it's like
a parody it's like the onion is not
ridiculous enough and like these people
are more ridiculous than the most
ridiculous parody like you can't even
mock it but do you think that it is them
trying to see what they can get away
with
yes there look how far can I go there
play make-believe there there I'm a
chicken you know I'm so as someone said
this to me I came here it was but that
all of the the words the key words that
people are using now like triggered safe
space their autistic terms their terms
that people use with autistic let's
chose yes play this if we want to defeat
capitalism we are going to need a party
that will or just working people to
fight for the demands that we want and
to win socialism thank you so much guys
first of all James Jackson Sacramento he
him I to a minimum I'm one of the people
who's very very prone to sensory
overload a lot of whispering and chatter
going on it's making it very difficult
for me to focus
I know it's we're all fresh and ready to
go but can we please just keep the
chatter to a minimum it's affecting my
ability to focus thank you point of
personal privilege yes please do not use
gendered language took to address
everyone okay monster where is he right
in the lower right hand corner with the
the halter top would've that's the one
that jumped up
that's the he him she he's wearing that
he's wearing that red so when he gets
his period do not use gendered language
this is this is where we're at we're at
where in nonsense land and people are
acting like this is normal you're a
bunch of babies what do you give a fuck
if someone says yeah who cares what was
said about girls say girls I could be
there say girls I don't care this is
your you're crazy please do not use
gendered like what how does that change
anything and by the way where you can if
you can't deal with a bunch of people
moving around and distract making noises
and shit just stop yeah get the fuck out
of it yes force everybody else to deal
with your fucking weak mind go home
there's swamps watch this on youtube eat
a steak do some squash mistake eat some
elk get your fucking life and or fuck
baby
alright go fucker Gawain Bigfoot will
write a Bigfoot fuck book and make
millions
what is this seminar about about being
an asshole comedy just it's just so it's
like playing on this thing - were it's
like I want people to feel good I was a
special ed teacher I've done all these
things special ed kids wouldn't have
been talking like this asking for all
these things and well this is what they
with these kids are calling socialism
right like this is what I mean everyone
has to be like super super sensitive and
aware of every single fucking thing they
do and every single fucking thing that
everybody around them does just to
comply and it leaves you a victim -
because it's impossible for that to
happen so no one's ever gonna comply to
everything you say there's always gonna
be one person even if they don't even if
they want to maybe they were listening
to something else and they didn't know
that that's what they were supposed to
do or whatever so then there's always
gonna be you're always gonna be a victim
of something someone's always said the
wrong thing they've always done the
wrong thing and all of your worth is
from something outside of yourself and
you now don't have to deal with your own
but also just it ramps up what used to
be acceptable a year ago now is
unacceptable a year from now it'll be
something else after a while you won't
even be able to say colored you're gonna
have to say the c-word right you have to
say you can't say people of color which
is a PSA is that people color that's
what that is a weird one well yeah like
the n-c-double-a or n-double-a-cp
brother National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People which is
bananas like yeah you can't say that you
can't even say that anymore it's like so
dumb it's such a weird thing and also
people I feel like if people stopped
having attachment towards you could stop
having them mean anything like they
wouldn't hurt you well the we talked
about that in the 60s it was one of his
bits in the 60s dude he would call
people by a bunch of ethnic slurs and
then say you know the problem with not
saying these words is that if you say
these words enough time they lose all
their meaning and it's not gonna hurt
some feelings I'm paraphrasing but this
is the opposite and you know it did to
him nothing they turned him into a woman
and Miss Mazal oh I watched a little bit
I think it's good I haven't judged
mrs. Mazal as him yeah she's the mother
I auditioned for that and then when I
saw her tits in the front like my tits
auditioned for her Ted so it's like
amazing I want to show you this no but
in the first scene she showed her tits I
was like all right thank you thank you
for getting me that audition I don't
understand what you're saying she showed
her tits in the first scene and I didn't
realize that that was gonna be in the
scene they didn't make me go topless or
whatever but I was honored to have been
in the same audition pool is okay as
Rachel Brosnahan her and her big juice
she looks great she's good she's a great
actress she is hilarious but I was
talking to a male comic was really funny
and he was like I don't like that
fucking show because there was no woman
like that but yeah yeah there was no
Superman either man like with the doctor
was no Walking Dead Rick didn't killing
he's off yeah guess what it's all fake
oh yeah it really freaked you out there
was a woman comic like they're not
saying about comedy right it's a funny
show about comedy you should be excited
that there's a show about stand-up
comedy in 1950s and 60s it's fucking
great yeah
like so what do you care if they made up
a woman like why well they're not
getting represented the white men it's
not even that it's like it's like a
historical thing with yeah it would've
bought was bothering him historic it is
that they are they are intersecting with
real things that happen so I can see
where that's a little annoying I want to
bring up Elton John again but I did see
Rocket Man and it is it was weird when
they were not if there are things that
happened and you're why do you say bring
up Elton John again cuz I keep bringing
water yeah you just didn't even bring
him up earlier I've just been talking
about him the whole time did you listen
Ellen John a lot do you yeah I watched
this one live video of him a lot I don't
think you said no where it did did you
yeah I forgot okay
that's okay I can only be expected to be
listened to 20% of the time what was
wrong with Rocket Man well it's just he
didn't write this lyrics which they said
but then the whole movie was like trying
to force these life events into the
lyrics so it was like but he didn't
write it so he didn't write it so it
just wasn't it didn't feel real I would
have rather have heard more shit about
when he married that woman and stuff I
married a woman yeah he married a woman
whoa yeah how frustrated was she she
must have been or
really horny just sliding around in
there we didn't know she's very rich but
I think I think probably maybe it was
just a beard situation she knows sure
but also it's gotta be a lot of those
guys want to believe that they can be
straight you know that's why they buy
the Whitney Cummings dick doll
but that's where I like that I'll pray
the gay away stuff is oh yeah you ever
heard of those pray the gay yes yes guys
are sitting around holding men with
boners they'll even really get hard-ons
holding you and telling you you're not
gay yeah yeah it's fucking crazy it's
like it's so wild to not be like just
lean into what you are your happiness
your joy yeah but think about yourself
you were raised a Quaker what if you
raised some wild you've been told and
you know anybody who does that as Satan
for sure and you're gonna go burn in
hell and you live with all this guilt
and feeling like that shame that you're
rotten or whatever I mean I definitely
have my own shame and I know probably
everyone carries them with them I can't
imagine on that scale what sucks that is
probably one of the biggest ones if
you're raised Christian though if you're
raised like serious Christian especially
fundamental it's one of the worst sins
laid with another man and just dealing
with it the dick that they must get at
those camps oh my I mean they must just
be pounding each other out they probably
come so quick because they can't believe
their eyes they're just like and then
they have that camaraderie in the fact
that they both are trying to not be this
thing oh my god I'm getting horny just
talking about honestly private new genre
it's not Bigfoot we have to we have to
work through this I mean I'm not getting
you're not gay you know we just fucked I
know just crying in each other's gay
arms what a sneaky trick if you believe
in God that God did God said listen you
cannot have sex with men but you're
gonna want your nothing down on it
they're gonna want that all day you're
gonna see the juicy assholes all day
want it more than food you want more
than water
you just want dick and foot dick and
bought Dudek but ah fireman and follow
yours
construction workers and Indians and
cowboys and then a bands gonna come out
and they're all gonna play each part
you're gonna have to try a lot and then
you can't even go to the YMCA anymore
yeah it's what I mean if you really
believe in Jesus and you really believe
that you shouldn't be gay but you are
gay what a dirty trick God it must be
terrible I just feel like there's
nothing more dangerous than were
oppressed that's gotta be where cancer
not just homosexuality but repressing
any sort of feelings like that sure it's
gotta be what cancer is
well repressed sexualities always
strange like when I was in high school
there was always these girls from
Catholic school and girls from Catholic
school that went to all-girls Catholic
schools worth the biggest hot cookie and
all doesn't yeah they couldn't wait to
get some dec because it was so forbidden
there's a forbidden fruit they just
would get so excited they couldn't
believe it was real just fighting off
these hormones it's just such a terrible
trick to play on a young person yeah to
tell them that their body is dirty and
awful and that these thoughts that are
just prevalent omnipresent in their mind
are the wicked ways of the devil and
that which you resist persists you know
you're just thinking about that fucking
butthole all day fucking sucking a dick
fat juicy hog you just can't have it
yeah I mean it's terrible it's really
bad you guys also if you're out there
listen let's just say let's God let God
give you a Hall Pass go fuck an asshole
yeah go fucking asshole go just move to
Boys Town and realize like you're gonna
be fine there's a group of them they get
together and they have a great old time
there's a parade and they're so happy if
you go down that stream so happy free
they don't even their shoulders are
exposed like there's just tank tops
everywhere just hair shaved anything you
want just every tonight you know I love
going I feel invisible it's amazing love
like I could just walk bottomless and
they were just I've talked to gay guys
though they get mad at straight guys or
and straight girls are going to gay
clubs now to hang out that it's like a
weird thing cultural appropriation host
talk to Martindale well I could
see like where you'd be like hey this
was like our place to fuck and now
you're here like you're wearing glitter
yeah wearing rainbows member Demetri
Martin had that joke about where he's
like gays just get I can't compare for
him but gays just get rainbows that's
not fair you just get fractured light
like greedy greedy gay Haysom and this
is what back in the day when you could
say stuff like that yeah I did about
that was pretty similar about that they
it was because of duck dynasty one of
the guys from duck dynasty was given I
don't get it I understand working and my
bit was like listen you should shut the
fuck up or the game people will take
over camo the same way they took the
rainbow oh that's so funny they own the
rainbow the rainbow used to be
leprechauns used to be Lucky Charms guy
yeah now it's gay people to the point
where if I came onstage with a fucking
rainbow t-shirt on people be like I know
it we've been waitin for this fuckin
knew it but um the idea was that if like
what all the gay cup guys would have to
do is start every gay porn in a duck
blind oh my god every gay porn would
start with that's so funny they're
wearing camo and they're duck hunting
and then someone would come a black eye
would come and go some about duck on
make me whole that like duck whistle
thing oh my god
my friend worked on my friend Mike who I
stayed with worked on duck dynasty so he
knows all those guys that seem like a
trip are they but fucking all the time I
don't think so but you know it is funny
when you take just a family and then you
make them stars mm-hmm and they you know
they cross between reality and yeah all
that stuff and then they go crazy and
then they all of a sudden they're on
their own and they get interviewed
thinks there's something really crazy or
not yeah some TMZ guy puts a camera in
their face yeah are they still doing
that show I don't think so
how could they stop it seems like it was
just printing money yeah I wonder I mean
maybe they are I know my friend doesn't
work for them anymore but yeah doing
duck dynasty yeah I don't I get him the
credit for duck dynasty whether he wants
or not I don't know how that show
episode March
29th 2017 so how does that show end ever
it feels like a smart producer should
step in ago hey guys it's been a couple
of years I don't know someone a lot of
wacky stories falls asleep with a
cigarette in their mouth is gone yeah
all that camo gun it's just it's weird I
mean if you watch that show it's like
there's nothing compelling about it at
all but it was an enormous hit yeah just
a bunch of people doing duck stuff there
is something about reality TV that where
you're just like it's so thoughtless you
just don't have yours being taken on
this dum dum ride it's just it's nothing
happening it's like all right yeah may
next thing you know you're watching
people dissect a storage container yeah
but you know what I'd really like is
survivor that one I still like survivor
I still like survivor I think is the
number-one reality show because it's
making people it's taking away all of
their comforts and they still have to
communicate with each other
like games with each other they have to
they're starving they have to do these
physical it's still you're watching
people be like tested and put what
season is that all
oh my god it's there's so many seasons
like season 1 million I've seen all of
them it's so good I don't I don't pay
attention to them fully so I can rewatch
them at some point I watch them a couple
times that show was on before Fear
Factor mm-hmm so I we started Fear
Factor in 2001 so that show was probably
on in 2000 yeah and 19 years later it's
in the 30s now 30 seasons or something
33rd yeah I'm embarrassed I don't know
because that's how much is still a hit
yeah it's and listen people either are
onto Survivor or they're not or they've
actually done 38 episodes or season
somehow it says but this is the 30th
yeah they do several year now is it
still Jeff Probst Rob's he's still the
host it's still under the radar like
Jeff Probst just like catch those checks
and stays and yeah but here's the deal
I've seen him driving around he had his
little summer fedora he was riding in
his Prius like drugs a Prius this was
like three years ago I was driving
around stockpiling all the cheese yeah
maybe he's rich dad poor dad no I mean
he must have all his money just stocked
away
he's driving around in a Prius he's the
he's I love the show if he's open they
could take this away from him at any
moment okay somebody placed him would
you notice a part of the show I think
people would be upset
there'd be upset helpers took a spot I
think people would be very upset I think
they'd be extra upset but if Adam
Carolla took your spot um they would get
cancelled people be like Trump now is he
a trump supporter I think so Adam I
think so but I don't know sir listen I
don't know for sure I don't want to call
anyone anything
I think he's conservative I think he has
a trump supporter though some people get
conservative when they start making
money though I listen I everyone has the
right to be whatever the fuck they are
what do you think I think that what
about Nazis they have a more of a right
1/3 right I don't think that's right
right what does this Third Reich I don't
know I don't even literally don't I mean
I don't know what the Third Reich is but
I don't even know what it means tell you
guess I literally have no idea what that
means
I know it means the Nazis right I don't
know there's Reich but what does it mean
in German but isn't that a funny thing
like that's like the Third Reich is like
everyone knows yeah but no one knows
what the fuck that means the etymology
yeah do you with the big words I know a
few what does it mean third regime or
Empire or third realm huh
so the third version of the Nazi party's
was the Holy Roman Empire which lasted
until 1806 the second would be 1871 to
1918 and this was the third interesting
so they were just they were considering
themselves to be the third rulers of the
world like the Romans interesting yeah
what a mess and the other thing is that
that was not that long ago it was not
that long not that long ago at all here
see the video of Hitler tweaking at the
1936 Olympics working tweak like serious
speed we were with Brian Moses Brian
Moses was saying that Hitler was into
bowl semen and I was like what he's like
yeah and then we found out that taurine
which is in Red Bull actually is
bull semen oh my god that's so fun
that's why I like Red Bull do this
that's Hitler tweaking oh my God look at
him go straight up tweaking at the
Olympics so he was on all kinds of crazy
speed and then we read this thing about
how he was like incredibly fatigued and
almost dying and he got injected with
testosterone and cocaine I wasn't gonna
make that well and then went and talked
mussolini out of leaving the war cuz
Mussolini wanted to get the fuck out of
World War two and Hitler went and just
talked at him for five hours as well all
coked up and oxycodone doubt and bull
come dripping down his throat oh my god
yeah how did he get how did he extract
the bull come I don't know but bull
semen apparently has de story and stuff
and it and they extract taurine from
some other method to make the Tauri
that's actually that's what the guys at
the gay to pray the gay away camp to
that's their job in the tap mm-hmm
they're extracting holes dick you
deserve all that well do you remember I
always think about that horse
oh yeah and zoo the documentaries
amazing that video of the I'm so try and
the part that I'm traumatized by is not
the fucking part okay and do you
remember the scene okay so he gets up on
the bucket right and then you know they
need like several people to grab this
giant horse cock and put in his ass and
then the horse rams him only once and
then he goes that this is the part that
got me he goes he looks back he goes did
he come like he was so concerned if the
horse came I was like oh my god yeah and
the guy made a noise like noise where
you're dying he was he died so soon
after noon as his friend goes too much
too much like did you get too much you
got too much of course like and he did
die hey des
if you look at the math the size of a
horse dick I have a body cavity it's
like where is it going
yeah what's getting out of the way make
room for that dick oh boy they dropped
him off at the hospital they rolled him
out he was bleeding he bled out
he'd bled out from his asshole and
that's it I'm happy I don't think he did
you don't think he was like maybe that's
if the horse had come do you think he
would have been worth it he would've
thought it was worth it the horse did
come but do you know that this whole
thing they had the hundreds and hundreds
of hours of footage of him getting
fucked by donkeys and horses and a bunch
of other people that these people had
met online and the zoophilia right is
the the mm-hmm
medical terminology for someone who
sexually attracted to farm animals and
so or animals period and so these people
all met online in some chatroom and then
decided to get together in Washington
state where it was still legal to fuck
animals there's like only a few states
where it's okay it's so funny that you
had there has to be a law yeah there has
to be a log keep you are you just so
happy that's not what you're in do I'm
just like I just wake up so grateful and
blessed I go thank God right could you
imagine if that was your Oh God
thank you you can't control that right
if you get something like some people
are in the feet some people are into
getting fucked oh I was segwang in
defeat huh yes people are in defeat yeah
have you heard
I have heard they're in defeat I can't
believe it well I was reading up on it
that it's the part of the brain that
that handles your genitals and your feet
are right next they're adjacent so
sometimes the white they think that the
wires get crossed because and the guy
that studied it was a guy who'd studied
phantom limb syndrome and he was so he
was following with these people's brains
where they would feel that they still
had a foot or whatever and some guys
would get horny it would get their brain
so it was just like crossed huh we had a
horny thinking of their own not foot oh
it's hilarious how you pixelate your
feet in all those pictures it's funny
how that get started
they just people were they started a
wiki fee account for me I just didn't
know if my feet were thing I just didn't
know I thought I'm just walking around
in you know in slides didn't know I was
walking around he may as well just have
been bottomless I may as well have just
been wearing like pajama bottoms with
the ass flap backwards open just put I
mean my little feet pussies just walking
around so then once people I noticed the
wiki feed thing and then people were
damning me all the time to see my feet
and I just was like you don't get this
mm-hmm
Whitney Cher's DMS with us sometime
a group chatham in with Nick Swardson
crystal Ian Whitney and she'll post
pictures of her DMS it's like what in
the fuck yeah they're wild I do a thing
on my pockets and on my livestream is
sometimes where Ice Age my pussy at the
end of the night sage if I get sage and
I just yeah I just to break the the
negative dick cords that were sent to me
the unwanted dick cords from all these
dudes I'm like yo put your dick cords
away but you know people are pervs what
are you gonna do I just make fun of them
but it's more guys that are pervs than
girls are the pervs with stuff like feet
yeah thing that girls are into that's
kind of gross the money it's so gross
but that makes sense
like money can keep you don't like your
job some people are no like a guy with
money fat guys some people aren't I
don't know it's people are not all
different things but but not in the same
way not the same you're right it's not
the same as some guys are into fat girls
too but there's a big difference between
that and feet men are just very gross
you're gross but it's biologically your
dicks or just you're just ruled by your
dicks are just dragging you through the
world right and it's just got to be
acknowledged we can't pretend this isn't
a thing true just dragging you it's just
that's not we're like breast feeding and
shit we're thinking about other shit in
archery there's a term called front of
center meaning how much weight is in the
front of the arrow it did different
determines like how much penetration the
arrow will have on an animal I'm getting
so horny this is so weird what are you
talking about it's like the same thing
with dicks
it's like dicks are like your front of
Center it's like yeah no they're just I
I like I feel you guys should be like
holding ourselves back to the doorways
because your dicks are pulling you
through things and it makes life a lot
easier when you just realize that but I
think it's like I just have only grown
up a girl so I just didn't you know I
knew obviously because I've had a lot of
sexual attention even very young but
it's it's just like your dicks our thing
there well there's a reason why there's
seven billion people and it's not
because it's not necessarily because
women are that horny right I think it's
just dude you're trying so hard to fuck
and now hotties compelled I mean this is
a evolutionary thing and it used to be
really hard to stay alive yeah I thought
that long ago
yeah now it's really easy and we're kind
of left with the burden of this shift
yeah we haven't our brains and our
biology hasn't really caught up to the
fact that we don't need to have as many
people as we used to we used to you know
used to have a 50% mortality rate
amongst yeah it was very difficult to
survive and I think that's also was just
in China too you're seeing more shifting
with you know like like those those guys
in that video these beta guys the one
got calling out for people to stop being
distracting and the other one calling
out for people to stop using gendered
language but who are they well they
wouldn't survive if there was a you know
the the Roman army was invading they
would have never made I wonder who's
fucking them nobody nobody maybe they're
just men that aren't driven by that you
know no that's not true
that's just as good as they can get they
just jeans circle they're getting
attention and stuff yes it's a mess
they're a mess this is so weird how much
more survival how much of our like
cavemen should is still there and how
much of the survival stuff like I've
been doing listening to a lot of therapy
podcasts or just one called the adult
chair this woman Michelle Chalfont
and she's just it's all about dealing
like with your inner child and then all
and all of your instincts she was like
the adolescent chair in the adult chair
and your adolescent chair is all of your
ego and your emotions in your fight
fight or flight like all of that the
stuff that you do the procrastination
whatever is your problem like why is
that happening there's something that's
coming from either your child chair or
something from your childhood or things
like socially when you have social
anxiety and panic attacks and stuff so
much of it could be just back from in
the days if you were excommunicated from
your tribe like you would die yes
if we were a part of the club you would
fucking die and that that that's the
reason why people are afraid of public
speaking is that when you were speaking
in front of a group you were trying to
save your life you were trying to plead
your case mm-hmm for the most part
unless you were the leader of the tribe
most of the people were just trying to
say please I didn't know and don't kill
me is that how you feel walking around
me no but the comedies are people
new merciful King no you know how I feel
walking around I feel like they don't if
it's like they don't have anybody house
it is the way to put it when you are
listening to someone all the time that
person's in your ear the person becomes
like a weird part of your life and then
you meet them you're like wow this is
crazy that you're right here I've
experienced that when I when I first met
Anthony Bourdain I was worried about
yeah I believe you're right here this is
so weird I see on and I've gotten used
to that over time but still it's strange
when I meet famous people yeah you know
when I meet and it's even weirder when I
mean famous people and they know me and
what yeah yeah become famous people
together like I think I've seen that
before at fucking when two famous people
just see and then you're just arty
you're already in this weird Club of
famous people mm-hmm it's strange
automatically a famous people club well
it's it's not a normal state and it's
not I mean people that are that enjoy
the podcast it becomes part of their
life and maybe it benefits them and
maybe they start getting motivated and
cleaning up their life and start being
healthier and exercising and eating
better and then then it becomes just
like almost like a religion yeah but
because it becomes the thing that you
think of you know in terms of like how
to benefit your life how to live in a
positive way you think about the things
you learned on the podcast almost like
you would look at a religious doctrine
yeah you look at the the teachings of
Christ you know you look at the
teachings of Moses or you look at like
oh what Rhonda Patrick said right yes oh
well you know what Graham Hunt Hancock
was talking your voice is like in their
head you're like a on hired coach the
laminate of that it's and it's also
represents my own quest to try to figure
out my own life and to do it publicly
and explain what I've learned and how I
failed yeah what I've gotten better at
it helps other people when you hear that
because you all cam alone like I'm
because people think that if like your
life is in order right now that it's
always been like that so I think it
really helps people to hear like oh I
used to be a fucking loser yeah and I
did and I can be scared to talk to bank
tellers
it's true yeah has to be weirded out
socially I was very strange now can they
hear your voice over the cha-ching
cha-ching cha-ching cha-ching cuz you're
rich
that's so rich you're my richest friend
probably I'm guessing probably I can't
imagine who's richer well someday you'll
be rich too I can't wait well laughs you
have laughed at me before will you get
those same kind of glasses but surround
them with diamonds yeah I get jewels
ooh I could see those people or do you
think it's gonna take to surround them
with diamonds yeah just ordered them you
don't even think about it because you're
too busy doing other things I'm so busy
yes
so busy culture appropriating with those
hoop earrings cuz I don't think that's
have you heard my joke about that no
about how I got accused of cultural
appropriation for wearing these ooh it's
hilarious because uh but it's used you
my my best friend she's black but I did
I did
slide them off her neck she's Africa
that's the crazy shit when they stretch
that neck out I know I'm like this is
when you can get mad at the Jenners for
cultural group is when they've have the
lip plate yeah I mean when they come at
the stretched out thing three women yeah
it's just a cultural preparations are
weird I don't know I think we should all
be dressing alike I think it's cool that
we also be I think people should be
driving you shouldn't be like
disrespecting people's culture and stuff
but I don't know what it just seems like
of what we're calling culture
appropriation today's people looking for
a reason and complaining yeah cultural
appropriation is one of the reasons why
cities are so interesting because we
share each other's food share each
other's clothes and listen to each
other's music and you know we're each
other's jewelry it's nonsense
and what's interesting is like how many
people from America are upset about
things but then when people from China
or Japan find out that we're wearing
Chinese like like Japanese geisha we
also do bukkake they're so pissed no
they like it I feel like there's been
times where I've just done stuff online
you know I'll have a bit or whatever and
then someone else starts doing it and
you don't you get mad at that well
that's different
not is it not a joke I mean just like a
thing I'm doing well that's different
because then you feel like someone's
copying you you know
average is making all the time but then
some of people some people get mad like
oh I'm doing a podcast now he's doing a
podcast so you copy me like hey fuckface
you know own podcast that's ridicu I
have a pocket it's like the Joe Hren
experience that's fine I've literally
had that conversation with people where
they were like ma'am but now he's doing
a podcast I'm like what are you talking
about there's six hundred thousand
father just doesn't have to do with you
just focus I am your era bitch like
handle your own life it's it's so I have
lived as a victim for many years it's
there is a benefit to it because you're
always fed it you know if you are
looking at the world like your victim
you will be given everything you need
please no stop using gender actually
you're gonna be so everyone gonna be
disappointing you everyone's gonna be
upsetting you or you can just accept
some fucking responsibility and it feels
so good you know it feels good does feel
good yeah I mean it feels good to be
calm and to just be at peace and you
know there's a lot of work involved in
that
you got to fucking gotta meditate you
got to iron out your own stuff you gotta
exercise it's a work in progress yes we
all are fucking try and men I'm fucking
trying um I have to wrap this up if
anybody wants to see you you are at the
Comedy Store on a regular basis you got
any other day I'm at the comedy start a
regular basis I'm at the Blue Room and
Missouri
what's the Blue Room let's look at uh
pretty serious you have to find it in
the state it's a big state is your place
look it up all right
you don't even know where you are when
is this Springfield Missouri Pope talk
in the microphone it's in Springfield
Missouri
when is that it is not this weekend next
week and it is on August 17th and 18th
Missouri I'm a website where people I do
Oh Annie Lederman dot-com and Annie
Lederman on insta on Instagram I'm also
at go bananas October the third weekend
in October each one go bananas in
Cincinnati beautiful or end of October
second to last week and I should have
filed the
I add my new podcast yes mean spiration
on all things comedy what does it called
means fresh inspiration yeah okay Annie
thank you thank you Joe good to see you
my friend I'll see ya hi everybody hi
guys
[Music]